chore: updates to Read Replica documentation (#26813)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/platform/read-replicas.mdx

To add a Read Replica, go to the [Infrastructure Settings page](/dashboard/project/_/settings/infrastructure) in your dashboard. Each project can deploy up to two Read Replicas and all Read Replicas inherit the compute size of their Primary database.

### Deploying a Read Replica

> A Read Replica is deployed by using a physical backup as a starting point, and a combination of WAL file archives and direct replication from the Primary database to catch up. Both components may take significant time to complete. The duration of restoring from a physical backup is roughly dependent and directly related to the database size of your project. As for catching up with WAL file archives and direct replication, this would be dependent on the amount of WAL files and transactions to be replayed. These are then dependent on the activity of the Primary database. The more active it is, the more WAL files and transactions are generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Read Replica is deployed by using a physical backup as a starting point, and a combination of WAL file archives and direct replication from the Primary database to catch up. Both components may take significant time to complete. The duration of restoring from a physical backup is roughly dependent and directly related to the database size of your project. The time taken to catch up to the primary using WAL archives and direct replication is dependent on the level of activity on the Primary database; a more active database will produce a larger number of WAL files that will need to be processed.
```

Along with the progress of the deployment, the dashboard displays rough estimates for each component.

### What does it mean when "Init failed" is observed?

> The status `Init failed` indicates that the Read Replica has failed to deploy. It is safe to drop this failed Read Replica, and attempt to spin up another one. If however spinning up Read Replicas for your project consistently fails, open a support ticket [here](/dashboard/support/new). To aid the investigation, do not bring down the recently failed Read Replica.

Reviewer: Would be good to mention some of the transient reasons this could happen (e.g. "this can happen if the RR was initialized while there was a change being made to the primary DB") - right now the wording makes it sound like you're flipping a coin on whether or not things will work

- [PostgREST](/dashboard/project/_/logs/postgrest-logs)
- [Supavisor](/dashboard/project/_/logs/pooler-logs)

Views on [Log Explorer](/docs/guides/platform/logs) are automatically filtered by databases, with the logs of the Primary database displayed by default. Viewing logs from other databases can be toggled with the `Source` button found on the upper-right part section of the Logs Explorer page.

For API logs, logs can originate from the API Load Balancer as well. The upstream database or the one that eventually handles the request can be found under the `Redirect Identifier` field. This is equivalent to `metadata.load_balancer_redirect_identifier` when querying the underlying logs.

### Metrics

Observability and metrics for Read Replicas are available on the Supabase Dashboard. Resource utilization for a specific Read Replica can be viewed on the [Database Reports page](/dashboard/project/_/reports/database) by toggling for `Source`. Likewise, metrics on API requests going through either a Read Replica or Load Balancer API endpoint are also available on the dashboard through the [API Reports page](/dashboard/project/_/reports/api-overview)

> Alternatively if you're ingesting your [project's metrics](/docs/guides/platform/metrics#accessing-the-metrics-endpoint) into your own environment, you can update [your scraping setup](https://github.com/supabase/supabase-grafana?tab=readme-ov-file#read-replica-support) to additionally ingest metrics from your Read Replicas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend ingesting your [project's metrics](/docs/guides/platform/metrics#accessing-the-metrics-endpoint) into your own environment. If you have an existing ingestion pipeline set up for your project, you can [update it](https://github.com/supabase/supabase-grafana?tab=readme-ov-file#read-replica-support) to additionally ingest metrics from your Read Replicas.
```

We bring these two methods together to achieve quick, stable, and reliable replication. Each method addresses the limitations of the other. Streaming replication minimizes replication lag, while file-based log shipping provides a fallback. For file-based log shipping, we use our existing Point In Time Recovery (PITR) infrastructure. We regularly archive files from the Primary using [WAL-G](https://github.com/wal-g/wal-g), an open source archival and restoration tool, and ship the WAL files to S3.

We combine it with streaming replication to reduce replication lag. Once WAL-G files have been synced from S3, Read Replicas connect to the Primary and stream the WAL directly.

> ### Monitoring replication lag

Reviewer: Can we mention the metric they can monitor for this as well (in their own metrics infra), and also recommend the alarms to set up?
